So I am creating a really beautiful best features for productivity at one-place study planner AI-based application. So I would require you to give me a prompt to be put up into the ChatGPT or Claude so that they will be able to give me one of the best and beautiful web-based applications. So I will tell you some of its features:

So first of all, there will be a landing page. So the landing page will be of 6 sections 
and it will tell all the features about the website that we are building. 
And it will be very beautiful and its color theme should be modern, right? 
And it will have section names on top. So when we click it, it should scroll down to that section. 
And also on mobile, instead of all those horizontal names, it should be a hamburger icon. 
So when we click it, a vertical nav bar should slide from right to left in the right side. 
And it will show all the section names and it will just work as normal. 
Also in the nav bar, there will be a 'get started' or login or sign up button. 
So when we click that button, it will redirect us to the login page. 
So the login page, in that we can log in with Google and email and password. 
So if I want to log in with email and password, I'll just type email and password. 
It will send a verification link. I have to click that link and it will generate my account. 
As I'm creating it from email and password, we'll need an avatar for the logo of our account. 
So we can just use any website that we can seed and it will create a random avatar. 
And for Google, it will just open the Google page. As we are using Firebase, we can just enable 
Google sign in methods from there, right? And there it will not send a verification link or anything. 
It will just directly log in and the logo I'm having on the Google account. 
It will show the exact same on the dashboard. 
Now coming to the dashboard, as soon as we sign up, only sign up, okay? As soon as we create an account, 
10 coins will be added to our account, So basically, we are also creating a coin system here. 
So in the dashboard, these features will be also there. 
Pomodoro timer with to-do list. So on top, there will be three things, 
1. Pomodoro focus -  so it will start a 25-minute timer with a start button. Short break, 5 minutes. Long break, 
15 minutes. After every four focus sessions, the long break will start And in between, 
short breaks will be there. Then Pomodoro settings to update and change its features will be also there. 
So for example, if I want the long break to come after every two sessions, we can change it from the settings. 
And if I want the short break to be of 10 minutes, we can change it from settings and so on...
So all the changes I want to do should be able to do from the settings. 
And Pomodoro stats will be also there. So it will contain the full history of what tasks we have completed, 
what tasks are remaining or basically are pending. 
That will be there in the Pomodoro stats. And yes, when we complete one hour of full focus, 
like the 25 minutes I told you, after one hour is completed, it should add 10 points per hour, 
In our coin system. Also, there will be a leaderboard. 
So for example, as we are creating a new website, so imagine if my brother and I created an account. 
So if I see on the leaderboard, I should see his name and who has got more points will be ranked on the top. 
So on the leaderboard, every person's name and their amount of points will be visible. 
That's it. And their logo on the left side of their name. 
So on the leaderboard, we can see who's on top of us or below us. 
Another interesting feature that we are adding in the dashboard will be the AI study planner. 
So what we'll use OpenAI API and it will be trained for just timetable purpose. 
Anything else it won't give an answer. 
So response will just have timetable, It won't give a starting like, "OK, so here's your timetable..." 
And then ending like, "so are you happy with it?..." No, we don't want that. 
We directly want the timetable. And after it creates, 
we have to basically format the timetable into blocks.
So for example, if it tells that do this task from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m., 
 So it will be in one like kind of box type. And under that box, there will be the next task, 
like from 11 to 12. So we have to format this and all the boxes will be of different colors. 
Very beautiful UI, like dopamine releasing UI. 
And there will be an option to import the timetable generated from the AI into the Pomodoro task. 
So, for example, it generated a whole timetable for me; So I can just import it and it will be directly 
sent to the Pomodoro timer and all the tasks will be predetermined over there. 
And we can choose if you want to auto start or stop timer according to timetable. 
So, for example, if the first task is over, so first task will require 25 minutes; So after that 25 minutes, 
the next task should automatically start or not. 
This should be accessible via the user, in the settings and task history will be there.
In task history: completed task, pending task, at what time was the task completed.
And the AI generated timetable can be downloadable, So if you download it, it will be generated in a PDF, 
very nice PDF. And before they export it into the Pomodoro task, they can edit it. So, for example, 
if they don't want 10 am to 11 am, they want 10 am to 11:30 am, They can change it from here. 
And now coming to the extra features: 
Extra features will be first daily coin collection reward. 
So, for example, as soon as they log in into the dashboard, a pop up will come. 
So, for example, if it's my second day of coming to the dashboard, it will tell. Here, collect your 
reward and one coin will be added to our coin system. 
And one of the most interesting ones is after 40 hours of focus, 
you get a lucky spin.In the lucky spin, you can earn like a lot of coins. 
The maximum amount of coins you can earn is 100 coins. And the minimum is just 5.
So after 40 hours of focus, you get a random amount of coin from a wheel. 
And between 5 coins to 100 coins. And the main thing is, we don't want to give max coins.
We will give only between 5-20 coins and add fomo, so the hand of the wheel will 
move just right beside max. coin like 100 and 
will stop at next coin i.e., in our range (5-20 coins).  
hence, we will program that wheel. So specifically, they don't get more coins, 
They should get the lower amount of coins. And the OG users like who are using it 
from way before. For example, if they are visiting and using 
our website too much, then they are loyal fanbase hence, 
they get 30 to 40 coins monthly in lucky spin. 
And they can collect it by that pop-up. That same one that appears in the daily coin 
collection. 
Also achievement section will be there. So there will be all the achievements like 
10 hours focused, 20 hours focused, 50 hours focused and so on... .  and same for tasks completed and water drank. 
All the imaginable achievements will be locked there. 
And once you complete it, it will unlock and give you some coins. 
Bigger the achievement, more the coins; Adjust the amount of coins per achievement accordingly
and remember that we are using Firebase for everything. 
And also there will be a water tracker. So for example,We drink normally two and a 
half liters of water(even user can set the amount of water he/she want to drink that day and max amount of water that can b
e drank is 3 litres, hence fix the max. amount to 3 so that user can't spam and get the achievements).
so the user can add the like there will be eight glasses so user can take each of its glass 
and the water will be added and the minimum achievement for water is 20 liters. 
20 liters of water you will get around five coins you know.analytics will be also there.
it will contain the focused total focus hours, the day streaks you are currently having, 
the graph, estimated time to complete the current tasks and to-do tasks and the time passed 
in the amount of time it took for you have been accessing our website 
you know kind of like that and completed tasks that you have fully completed (also add the remaining if 
there is any we forgot in the prompt)
there will be another major feature it will be the projects section 
so it is the main folder so inside it like we can add many pomodoros for the 
same related topic you know so for example if I open a project for 
science exhibition so there I can add the tasks and all of them 
will be related to it and then achievement section 
I'll explain more detailing so in achievements, when the user is accessing dashboard once or more than once in a day, count it as 1
and if he is visits for 20 days straight and so on..., he will get achievement. 
the numbers I'm telling you for achievements will get increasing ,so on hundred logins 
you will get another achievement and so on.. just add many of them and number of hours studied 
will be also there in achievement so if I same like that 20 hours of study 
I'll get 10 coins; one hundred hours of study I'll get the achievement 
but with more coins (adjust accordingly). something like that yeah and 
the coins you have, will matter in the leaderboard. I will do in the leaderboard it will 
contain leagues so the lowest one will be wood league, then stone leagues, 
then iron leagues, then silver leagues, then gold leagues, then platinum leagues, 
then diamond leagues, right? One league will be hosted for 7 days and if you are top 3, 
you will be promoted to upper league and remaining one will be stuck on that league
and they will have to try to get the most coins, to promote to next league, else they are stuck in the same league.
Also, add the remaining time before ending of league. so every time you end up in the top three
of the leaderboard you can go to the next league right after and when you successfully pass a 
league you get and achievment & coins same like 20 coins or 10 or 15 coins something like that
and if you don't end up passing in the top three you stay in the same league and the coins spent
history all will be also be there so for example if I get one rupees for logging one coin for 
logging, then in history it will be added that yeah one point was added to your account on this day
on this time because you logged in right with reason also and also we want to add like a merch
andise region kind of thing you can say so there for like 8,000 coins we will be selling diaries
so if someone earns 8,000 coins we will be shipping them a diary nice diary a customized diary
okay so you can add that. we also need to make an admin panel for ourselves, so we can see the
we can take the orders over there. and while spending that it will also ask are you sure you
want to spend and when he is confirmed then he has to write his address which i'll see in the 
admin panel as well. 
down to the final topic the pricing. in monthly the basic plan will be there for I think 150
rupees yeah 150 rupees it will contain: so in the basic plan you will get the AI study planner
but you can only access it three times a week then you can only generate one timetable per day
and you cannot generate a weekly timetable or an yearly timetable and weekly analytics will be
only there, so not yearly analytics you won't get yearly analytics on there and it will cost 150 rupees
then there is also a free plan in free plan you get everything right you almost get everything
but everything is just for one time right for example if I generated one AI timetable that's it
you can't access it anymore if I start if I did one task on pomodoro task you can keep it to three
to four tasks maximum then I can't add more tasks I can't add more sessions of focus I can't you
know I yeah basically just everything but in a very very low limit so almost only one one price
the ones that you think are cheap you can add three to four maximum.
also in the standard plan you will get everything the same as basic plan but with more limits
so for example ai study planner was there so you will get it's five times a week the AI study
planner then you will also get the water tracker in standard you will get and you will unlock
the achievement section in here right so the extra features will unlock only in paid plans so
everything else than extra features you will only get one trial and all the extra features
there is like zero zero trial on the free plan then standard yeah you will unlock water tracker
you will unlock folder (that one with tasks and pomos of same topic).
yes and in the premium plan you can unlock the merchandise section basically where you can spend
the coin spend the points you will unlock the analytic section you will unlock the lucky spin
section you gain acceess to AI study planner but seven times a week and you can generate weekly
and yearly timetable you can see daily, weekly and yearly analytics.
and also in the standard plan you can only generate daily and weekly timetables.
in the basic only daily per day timetable in standard you can generate daily and weekly and 
in the premium one you can generate all three yearly, monthly and daily. included as well.
and the final thing is lifetime you basically get everything for your whole life everything unlimited which will be costed 5000 rupees one time.

Pricing (Final):

Free: 0 rupees
Basic: 150 rupees.
Standard: 320 rupees.
Premium: 500 rupees.
Lifetime: 5000 rupees.